Privacy Policy  
----------------

### Introduction  
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection,
use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You
about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the
Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with
this Privacy Policy.

### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
  * Application refers to Nightingale, the software program provided by the
    Company.

  * Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this
    Agreement) refers to Cerebrum City.

  * Device means any device that can access the Service such as a
    cellphone or a digital tablet.

  * Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or
    identifiable individual.

  * Service refers to the Application.

  * Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data
    on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or
    individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide
    the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the
    Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

  * Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the
    use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.

  * You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company,
    or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or
    using the Service, as applicable.



### Information Collection and Use  
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require app admins to provide us with certain audio and image files. We do not collect data from the regular users. The information that we request from the app admins will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and our Service. The information may be uploaded to the Company's
servers and/or a Service Provider's server or it may be simply stored on Your device.

### Cookies  
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your devices’s internal memory.  

This Services does not uses these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option  to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.  

### Service Providers  
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:  
* To facilitate our Service;
* To provide the Service on our behalf;
* To perform Service-related services; or
* To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.  

We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.  

### Security  
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over  the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  

### Children’s Privacy  
This Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you  are  a  parent  or  guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.  

### Changes to This Privacy Policy  
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.  

### Contact Us  
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.  
Contact Information:  
Email: karmel@art2link.com
